Welcome back in this lesson we'll quickly discuss Python booleans.
Booleans are data types that indicate a logical state of either true or false.
And Python also has a placeholder object called None.
Let's go ahead and explore what these actually look like by opening up a Jupiter Notebook.
We're going to be working with them a lot more.
Once we begin to learn about control flow with Python but until then let's just go to understand what
they look like and what to expect in terms of syntax highlighting whenever dealing with a boolean or
a none placeholder
for booleans.
There's basically two keywords to know and that is true and false and that is true with a capital T.
Notice we immediately have a syntax highlighting indicating that this is a reserved keyword.
So we have true here.
And if I take a look at the type of True it returns back b l which stands for booleans and then we could
also assign true to be a variable and then a will be true.
Likewise there is also false.
So we can say B is equal to false and if we check the type of B it's also a boolean in the kitting false.
Later on we're going to learn how to use comparison operators in order to return booleans booleans.
Essentially when we were with control flow are going to allow us to indicate true or false whether we
want other pieces of code to run.
So just to show you a quick glimpse of what comparison operators look like we can do something like.
One is greater than two and you get back the boolean false because one is not greater than two or you
can check is one less than three.
And we get back true those purple comparisons are known as comparison operators and there's several
of them which we'll discuss later on.
Finally I want to discuss the fact that you can use none as a placeholder for an object that we don't
want to assign yet.
So we can say C is equal to none.
Notice that and is capitalized there.
So it's also a key word.
So if we take a look at c we don't actually get anything returned back in the note book because none
is essentially is a placeholder.
So nothing actually gets returned.
But you can check the type of see and see it it is none.
Type.
OK that's it for booleans and the none placeholder will be working with booleans.
A lot more when discussing control flow.
Finally up next we'll learn how to deal with simple text files.
Or see that recruit.